README.md, before:

# email-dns-validate
MediaWiki extension to validate the existence of the domain part of an email address.

## Installation

1. Clone the extension from GitHub to your wiki's extensions folder: `git clone https://github.com/quanterium/EmailDNSValidate.git`
2. Enable the extension by adding it to your LocalSettings.php file: `wfLoadExtension('EmailDNSValidate');`

## Configuration

If you wish to prohibit certain domains from being able to register, set the variable
`$wgEmailDNSValidateDomainBlacklist` to be an array containing the domains you wish to prohibit
after including the extension in your LocalSettings.php file. For example:

```php
wfLoadExtension('EmailDNSValidate');
$wgEmailDNSValidateDomainBlacklist = array('example.com', 'example.net');
```

If it is not defined, no domains will be blacklisted.

## What it Does

MediaWiki by default validates only the format of an email address. This extension extends
that validation to also verify the existence of the domain component. The domain name must
be registered in DNS; an MX record is not required since a site does not require one if the
IP address associated with the domain runs the SMTP server.

IP addresses in place of the domain are allowed; this extension will check for and block IP
addresses in private or reserved address blocks.

This extension can also check against a blacklist of prohibited domains.

## Bugs Reports and Feature Requests

Bugs Reports and Feature Requests can be made by creating an Issue on GitHub. Pull requests for
changes are also welcome.

Commit message:

refactor(*): refactor to use AuthManager

README.md, after:

# email-dns-validate
MediaWiki extension which enables you to validate the existence of the domain part of an email address.

## Fork Notes
This extension is very old but we couldn't find similar functionality elsewhere so we decided to refactor it to use the new AuthManager stack on MediaWiki.

We're not that familiar with PHP or MediaWiki Extensions so feel free to PR/Update if there are issues. 

## Installation

1. Clone the extension from GitHub to your wiki's extensions folder: `git clone https://github.com/YellowDogMan/EmailDNSValidate.git`
2. Enable the extension by adding it to your LocalSettings.php file: `wfLoadExtension('EmailDNSValidate');`

## What it Does

MediaWiki by default validates only the format of an email address. 

This extension extends that validation to also verify the existence of the domain component.

The domain name must Have an active MX DNS Record OR be a Public IP

## Bugs Reports and Feature Requests

Bugs Reports and Feature Requests can be made by creating an Issue on GitHub. Pull requests for
changes are also welcome.
